Documentation fixes (#605)
POSYDON-code/POSYDON: docs/_source/tutorials-examples/generating-datasets/generating-datasets.rst

To learn more about the PSyGrid object or the Processing Pipeline API ini file, check out the [API Documentation](api.rst).

II. The Full POSYDON Processing Pipeline Experience 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

From A to Z, this tutorial shows you how to process, concatenate, down sample, plot the grids and check failure rate, train the interpolation object and export the POSYDON dataset for population synthesis.

.. toctree::

    run_full_pipeline

> Congratulations! You now master the POSYDON Processing Pipeline. To learn more about the PSyGrid object or the Processing Pipeline API ini file, check out the [API Documentation](api.rst) and the indepth components overview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations! You've now mastered the POSYDON Processing Pipeline. To learn more about the PSyGrid object or the Processing Pipeline API ini file, check out the [API Documentation](api.rst) and the indepth components overview.
```
